Oh, great.
It's been a hell of a week.
Yeah, I was thinking
the same thing myself.
Hey, Kate, Kevin and I
were just talking about
going out to the cabin.
You want to join us?
Can you do this?
Can you be the man
that I need you to be?
Can you be the father
that Jack needs you to be?
You go to the cabin,
and leave Jack here with me.
I'll take care of him.
I need to spend time with my son.
You want to waste your
life just working at a stupid job?
- That's fine, but I have bigger plans, okay?
- Marc, please, please slow down!
I'm worried about Kate.
I think she's in trouble, Kev.
We have to go get her.
Can anyone tell me what
I'm holding in my hands?
- A lunch box?
- No, not a lunch box.
- It looks like a lunch box.
- Well, I know that it
looks like a lunch box, but
this is actually a time capsule.
- Ooh.
- I water-proofed it, I dirt-proofed it.
This can withstand all the elements.
I could be watching Jurassic
Park with Sophie right now.
Kevin, don't be fresh.
This matters a lot to your dad.
And... to me, to both of us.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
This is gonna be great.
I have always wanted to do one of these.
So, each of you guys is
gonna pick something special
to put inside the capsule.
All right, then we're gonna,
we're gonna bury the capsule.
And when you turn 18,
we're gonna come back
and we're gonna dig it up.
So, figure out what you want to bury,
and put it in here, okay?
I'm hitchhiking back to Pittsburgh.
Nice, Kev.
You know, Bec, I don't know
if you're actually into this whole thing
or you're just humoring me,
but either way, thank you.
Eh, what can I say?
You're very, very cute.
- I love it out here.
- Me, too.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
What are you gonna
put in your time capsule?
Well, here we are.
Pearson family cabin.
I'm really sorry about before.
I... I love you so much.
You still love me, right?
Of course I still love you.
Good.
Come on.
I'm gonna kick his ass.
Stop it.
No one is kicking anyone's ass.
I'm sure I'm just being paranoid.
No, you're not... the fact that
you let that creep take Kate
to a cabin in the middle
of the woods is insane.
Hey, you have no idea
what you're talking about,
- because you're never here.
- Can't be an actor
- in Pittsburgh, Randall.
- Oh, yeah.
'Cause God forbid you miss out
on Guy Drinking Sunny Delight.
It's a national commercial,
- thank you very much.
- That's totally gonna
- win you an Academy Award.
- Shut up. Seriously?
Guys, can you please cut it out?
Come on, it is dark
and slippery, all right?
I don't need the two of you
going at it right now.
Sorry.
Sorry, Mom.
- Synced and corrected by Firefly -
- www.addic7ed.com -
All done.
That's it? Ah, no, there's still
a blank spot over here...
hit me with another tulip.
Dad, I got to go finish
packing for Grandma's.
Have fun at the cabin.
Thanks, Pop-Tart.
Hey, baby, you better hit the road
before traffic gets bad.
You sure you don't want me to come
with you guys to visit your mom?
I am sure.
You need to relax.
Take a break from all things
burglaries and muggings.
Attempted mugging.
That's right, Batman.
My mistake.
"Batman"?
- Mm-hmm.
- I like that.
Oh, yeah?
Well, when you get
back, we're using that.
Yeah, Jae-won calls me Batman, too.
Mm-hmm, we're no longer using that.
- Oh...
- We are gonna be safe and sound at my mom's.
All right, we have security
cameras streaming a live feed
over every door, window
and crack in this house.
So, go.
Be with your siblings.
The fresh mountain air
will do you some good.
All right.
Fine.
But, uh, for the record,
you don't need to worry about me, okay?
I'm good.
- I promise.
- I'm glad, babe.
And, hey, at least you don't
have to hide the truth about
your mom from Kate anymore.
No... I just have to
hide it from my brother.
Hey.
Oh, hi.
Sorry to wake you up, I just,
uh, I was gonna say goodbye.
Oh, you're leaving?
Yeah, uh... you know,
Randall and Kate and I
decided to take a last-minute
trip to the family cabin
for a couple days, sort of, um...
Anyway, I got to go home and pack and...
Speaking of Kate, uh...
what do you suppose we
should tell her about...
about this?
- Probably...
- Yeah, I think, um...
I think, I think we just tell
her that we're falling in love.
- Huh?
- She'll be happy for us.
- Oh, my God.
- Okay, all right, you got me.
- Your face.
No, I-I thought you were
s-serious... you got,
you're, that's good.
- I'm not crazy, Kevin.
- Okay.
We haven't even been on a date yet.
Plus, what we did
is... pretty messed up.
Best friend and brother hooking up
is a huge violation of lady code.
Yeah, I agree.
Kate doesn't need to
know this ever happened.
No. No.
Okay, so, start with this milk
in the fridge first, right?
And then, move to the
ones in the freezer.
Okay.
Okay, and then, also, um, this is
a list of all the solid foods
that we know that he's not
- allergic to.
- Right, got it.
- Okay. Okay.
- Okay, yeah, I got it.
Okay.
Oh.
- Oh, that's Kevin... he's here.
- Okay.
Um, okay, so, so you know
- that the service sucks in the cabin.
- Yeah.
But we have that Wi-Fi
thingy, so if you could just,
just text, FaceTime, like, a lot.
- Will do, will do.
- A lot. Okay.
- Okay, buddy.
- Okay, Jack...
- Come here, Mama's going.
- Okay.
Okay. Oh, no, no, no...
- It's okay.
- Are you sure that I shouldn't
just take him with me?
I mean, you've never been
alone with him overnight.
Kate...
Jack and I are gonna be just fine.
We are all gonna be just fine.
Okay, bubby.
- Okay.
- I love you and I'm gonna see you really soon.
I love you.
Okay, all right.
Okay, Audie?
I will see you soon, too, okay?
- Okay.
- Keep an eye on them.
Okay...
All right, say bye-bye!
Oh, yeah.
Hey, well...
Looks like it's just me and you, kid.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Oh, my God.
Just pick something to bury.
This is important, Kevin.
It has to be able to
withstand the test of time.
And I really don't
want to make the wrong choice.
There they are!
- Hey-oh!
- Hi!
Welcome to the Pearson
family cabin, where the fire
is roaring, the herbal tea is a-brewing,
and the puzzle is a-piecing.
Wow, you seem a lot better
than I thought you'd be.
You know, yesterday on the
phone you, uh, seemed a little...
Wait, Randall, you
really messed up your hand.
- Uh, I know.
- Oh, nice.
I was in the thick of it, but, uh,
- I'm doing much better now.
- That makes one of us.
How you guys doing? You want
to talk about your stuff?
- No.
- No, not really.
We watched six hours of John Wick
on the airplane so I wouldn't have
to think about my engaged ex-wife,
and she wouldn't have to think about
the fact that Toby hates
their son because he's blind.
- Hey!
- Whoa.
Sorry.
Yeah.
Oh, my God.
- Hmm?
- I forgot that Dad turned
- this old photo into a puzzle.
- Yeah.
Care to join me in 520 pieces
of pure meditative bliss?
Oh, I'm gonna skip that.
I'm gonna stick to the movies...
you know, turn off the brain?
What do we got here? We got,
uh, White Fang, right?
Or... Free Willy.
- Free Willy.
- Man, the '90s
had a real thing for "white boy
befriends exotic animal" movies.
- Um...
- Aw, great, okay, uh...
I'll go check the circuit breaker.
I swear to God, if I'm not
watching a troubled youth
fall in love with an
orca in 15 minutes...
Hey, you didn't say anything
to him about Mom, did you?
No, of course not.
And I promised her that I wouldn't.
She's still really worried
about, you know,
- him staying sober, so...
- Yeah.
I can't say that I blame her.
I mean, this stuff that's
going on with Sophie?
I mean, he barely said one
word the entire plane ride.
Please tell me there's...
- Nope.
- No.
No power. Okay, well, it's
not the circuit breaker.
The wind's kind of picked
up out there, you know?
It might've knocked out a few lines.
Think a storm's coming in.
Um... does that mean no Wi-Fi?
No Wi-Fi.
No, I have to be able
to talk to Toby and Jack.
I don't have a signal.
I don't, I don't have a...
We should head to town.
There's probably cell service there.
- Okay, um...
- And we can pick up supplies... flashlight, batteries,
- non-perishables.
- He says "non-perishables".
Randall, we're gonna
be here for the weekend.
- Let's just chill for a little...
- No, Kev, I need to check
my security cameras, come on.
Okay.
Damn it.
What is this?
Hi.
- Good evening.
- Good evening. Sorry,
I'm-I'm just trying
to get to my daughter.
She's staying, uh, in a cabin
- about 20 miles north of here.
- Uh...
yeah, can't get there
tonight, I'm afraid.
Huge tree went down,
the whole road is closed.
There's a motel couple miles back.
Should be clear in the morning.
- Good night.
- In the morning... Okay.
It'll be okay. I'm-I'm
sure she's fine, Mom.
Oh, God.
- This place is pretty great.
- Yeah.
Maybe one day we'll have
a cabin like this, hmm?
- Yeah, I'd like that.
- Yeah.
Coffee's ready. Could you get
a couple mugs from the cabinet?
Mm-hmm.
Um, could y...
could you actually
just-just get another mug?
Are you serious?
Yeah, it's just, um,
he's the only one that's ever used that.
Oh.
Okay, well, then I
better be careful. Uh-oh!
- Marc! Marc, why? It's not funny.
- Whoa. It's slippery.
- Oh, my God.
- Don't...
Can you just get another mug, please?
Aw, crap.
It totally slipped. I'm so sorry.
- What the hell, Marc?
- Kate, I just said it was an accident.
You need to relax.
Oh, yeah, great, great. Thanks.
Life advice from an unemployed
record store cashier.
Shut up.
I'm getting wood for the fire.
Oh, great, so now we
can make some s'mores
and you can stuff your face.
Hey, babe. How's it going?
All's well on the home front.
Jack is taking bottles
down like a champ,
and now he's having some
well-earned playpen time.
Great. Um, are you having any fun?
Kate, give me a chance, would you?
You're right. I'm sorry, you're right.
Hey, babe, uh, it's me.
Power went out at the
cabin, so there's no Wi-Fi.
Um, I'm at a market,
but the service here is too
weak for the cameras to load,
so would you please
check the security cameras
when you get a chance? Uh, please?
Okay, call me back. Miss you.
This is crazy... "100
hottest Hollywood hunks"
and I'm not on the list?
What planet are we living on
where Elijah Wood is
hotter than I am? Anyway...
Why is your face doing that?
Because I just listened
to my voice mails.
And?
And, um, well...
Hey, Kate, it's Madison.
Call me.
It's important.
Huh.
- Weird.
- Wonder what the hell that's all about.
- Do you?
- Yeah.
- What about this one?
- Hi, me again.
Just wanted to say no
need to call me back.
This isn't something
I want to discuss over the phone.
- Hmm.
- Oh, God, that could be anything.
- No, you know, sh...
- I don't know.
- Madison again.
- Oh, God, there's a third one.
I'm just gonna rip the Band-Aid off
'cause the guilt is eating
me alive. I slept with Kevin.
Your brother, Kevin.
Duh, you know who Kevin is.
I am really sorry, Kate.
It was a stupid, selfish thing to do.
I really hope you don't hate me.
Okay. Call me.
Listen, I can explain that.
Okay, explain. Explain
why you, famous person
who could sleep with literally
any woman in the country,
decides to sleep with my closest friend.
I'm an idiot, okay? I
made a mistake. I'm sorry.
The day that I had
with Sophie, I just...
Shouldn't I get some credit
for not sleeping with Sophie?
- Credit?
- Okay, that came out wrong.
Hey, uh, guys, sorry, I
got to get back to Philly.
Why? What happened?
Uh, nothing, but I haven't
been able to reach Beth
for a while now, and it's...
You've got to get back to Philly
because you haven't been able
to-to reach Beth in a few hours,
even though she's in D.C.?
False alarm, Beth and
the girls are okay.
They were just in a movie.
- Good.
- Okay.
Um, let's pay for this stuff
and get back to the cabin.
Okay, buddy. Yeah.
Here-here comes lunch.
Breakfast for lunch, huh?
All right, here it comes.
Huevos a la Toby.
There you go, there you go.
Look at us, buddy, huh?
Couple of bros breaking bread.
First, eggs. Someday, beers.
Or... I'm more of a daiquiri man myself.
Yeah, there you go. You got it.
Hey, there you go. Right here.
Yeah, good. There you go.
There you go.
Hey.
Hey, buddy.
Are you okay?
Jack, are you choking?
Jack.
Okay, all right. Okay. Here we go. Hey.
C-Come on, come here, come here,
come here, come here, come here.
Okay, buddy.
Oh, God. Uh...
Okay. Uh...
Five.
Okay. Oh, Jack?
One, two,
three, four...
Okay, okay.
Oh, good, good, good, good,
good, good, good. Oh...
All right.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Marc.
Marc!
Come on,
it's freezing. Please, open the door.
This isn't funny.
It's really coming down
- out there.
- Yeah.
Kate, I'm kind of worried about Randall.
Me, too.
- Guys?
- Hey.
Hey.
What's up?
We're worried about you.
Yeah.
- It just seems like...
- You're sort of
- primed for a meltdown.
- Wh...
- Excuse me?
- Way to ease into it.
Well, this is how I ease.
Oh, like you eased into Madison's pants?
What's that supposed to mean?
OMG, did you sleep with Madison?
Listen, here's what we're
gonna do, we're just gonna focus
- on you right now, okay?
- Oh.
Listen, uh,
I appreciate your concern,
but I'm fine, okay?
If anything, I might be a
little exhausted, all right?
Between the break-in and the mugging,
and the trip to L.A., it's
just, uh, it's been a lot.
- Yeah.
You were in L.A.?
What?
The L.A. flight, when was that?
That was a few days
ago. It was a work trip.
- Oh.
- Yeah.
To L... I thought you said
your work trip was to...
- you said Boston for work.
- Right. No. I did.
- It was a different trip.
- Oh.
- Yeah.
- Different trip?
- Different trip to L.A.
You come to L.A., you don't,
you don't come see us?
It was super fast, man, just in and out.
- In and out.
- Yeah.
Did you know he was in L.A.?
- Hmm?
- Yes.
Oh.
What's going on?
Guys?
Um...
- We have to tell you something.
- Okay.
It's about Mom.
Have you figured out what you're putting
in your time capsule yet?
'Cause the clock is ticking.
No, not yet. You?
- Almost. I have it narrowed down to my...
- Bup, bup, bup, bup, bup.
Don't give it away.
- Really?
- I'll find out in five years.
What's this?
Just daydreaming.
You know, thinking about building us
a bigger place out here.
More room for the kids, grandkids.
Maybe, uh, maybe up on that hill
right there.
Maybe with a glass door,
floor-to-ceiling windows,
let in all this nature. I mean,
Bec, look at this place.
This is all ours.
You know?
Babe, we just bought the cabin.
I know we-we can't swing it.
I mean, considering how tough it was
to even afford this place, but...
... I don't know.
Jack, if you say you're
gonna build us that house,
I believe you're gonna
build us that house.
And a glass door is perfect.
- Isn't it?
- Yeah.
Hey. Come here.
Listen up. We are not here
to embarrass your sister
or make a scene. Okay?
We are here because we were
worried about the storm.
- All right?
- Mm-hmm.
Uh, what-what are you guys doing here?
We were, we were really worried
about the storm. You know? We...
It seemed bad and we didn't know
if Marc had snow tires and...
We just wanted to make sure
you were safe. That's all.
Well, you're just in time for breakfast.
Okay.
♪ But before it's closing time... ♪
Hey.
Hey. Um...
Hi.
Oh. Whoa.
We got the whole cavalry, huh?
Yeah, they, um, they
were worried about us
because of the storm.
- Mm. Got it.
- So...
All right.
Um, well, I hope you
like pancakes, Pearsons.
- Huh? Have a seat.
- We love pancakes.
- Perfect.
- Right?
Mm-hmm.
- Go ahead, sit down. Go on. Yeah.
- Sure. Yeah.
Okay, what's going on?
What's-what's going on with Mom?
Guys, what the hell's going on with Mom?
- Somebody say something.
- All right, all right, all right...
It's, um...
Mom is suffering from
cognitive impairment.
And it's too early to-to
see how it's gonna progress.
But we'll know more once we get
her MRI results back next week.
MRI...
I don't think... Uh, no. I...
'Cause I was with her, uh,
a couple weeks ago. She was great.
- She was fine.
- Her symptoms are really subtle right now,
but I noticed them.
Oh. And I didn't?
I didn't say that, Kev.
Randall, are we talking
about Alzheimer's here?
Possibly.
Uh, well...
Okay. So, uh, you know, we...
I'll get her in to a specialist.
You know, I can find
her the best doctors...
I already did that, Kev.
That's why I was in L.A.
Oh.
Randall, you came to L.A.,
the city that I live in,
and you took our mother to a specialist,
and you did it behind my back?
Mom asked me not to tell you guys.
She didn't want to add any
more stress to your plates.
Well, then, how... then how do you know?
If we're not supposed to
know, how do you know, then?
- She just told me, like, a few days ago.
- Mm-hmm.
I'm sure she was gonna
tell you soon, too.
So, Mom didn't think I
could handle it, right?
"Kevin can't handle it", so
you guys just agreed with her?
We were just trying to honor her wishes.
- You honoring her wishes, Randall?
- That's all.
That's great.
- Come on, man.
- Just give me a minute!
So? Marc's a pretty good cook, right?
- Mm-hmm.
- Yeah. Breakfast is his specialty.
He, um, he makes this Western omelet
- that's-that's so good.
- Mmm. The Western omelet.
- It has...
- Why is it freezing in here?
Oh, yeah, I know.
We, um, we didn't keep
the fire going last night
'cause I forgot how
cold it gets up here.
It was stupid of me.
But it's freezing now, so
I sh-should've done that.
The window's broken.
What?
Did you guys know about this?
No, I-I didn't see it. But th...
I guess that explains
why it's freezing in here.
If you guys didn't notice the window,
why is there no broken
glass on the floor?
Uh...
Okay, calm down, Encyclopedia Brown.
What?
Why do you have gloves on?
Because it's cold in here.
Take them off.
What are you talking about?
Kate, take them off.
God, okay, fine. Just...
It's not a big... It's just...
Oh, God. Kate.
No, Mom, it's really not a...
- What happened?
- I didn't even want you guys
to notice because it's... it's actually
a super embarrassing
story. Okay, Marc and I...
We locked ourselves out last night.
We were freezing and we had
to get in, so I broke the glass
and it cut my hand and I'll pay
for the repair of the window.
What the hell happened last night, Marc?
- Yeah...
- What? I told you...
Okay. Uh... Wait.
Okay.
We had a stupid fight.
Kate then went out to get some firewood
and I locked her out for a
minute because I was pissed.
And I was about to unlock it,
and I was about to let her back in,
but before I could, she freaked out
and she smashed the window
and then she cut her hand.
It was freezing outside.
How long were you out there?
Marc?
Marc!
Let's go outside.
No, no, no, no.
- Why?
- I'm about to beat the crap
- out of you, Marc. That's why.
- No. Kevin, Kevin.
- This isn't funny. Yeah.
- No... Both of you.
- Let's go! Let's go outside!
- Hey, relax! Relax!
Okay?
You, get the hell out of my house.
Mom...
Get the hell out of my house.
Today is the last day
you're ever gonna see my daughter, Marc.
You have two minutes. Get
your stuff and get out of here.
Come here, my love. Come here, Bug.
Sweetheart. My sweet Bug.
He said he loved me.
Oh, I know. I bet he did.
I bet he did.
Okay, I haven't found any damage
to the airway and he seems
to be fully responsive.
I think we got a healthy baby here.
Are you sure? Because
he was really choking,
for, like, a long time.
20, 30 seconds before he spit it out.
I... I pounded on his back pretty hard.
He's fine, Toby.
I promise.
You did the exact right thing.
I'll see you next week
for your favorite...
mm, more vaccines.
Yeah. Yeah.
You're lucky to have
such a great dad, Jack.
You think Kevin's okay?
Yeah. I think he probably
just needed some air.
Speaking of Kev, I
think this is his nipple.
All right. Oh, wait a minute.
Hold on.
Yes. This completes Mom's arm.
You know, she tried so hard with me.
And I just could never give her a break.
And now that we're-we're finally good...
... this is happening.
It must have been really hard
to be the only person who knew
what was going on with Mom.
But you know that you don't have
to take this on alone, right?
I know that I haven't
always been strong,
but I am strong now.
Kevin is strong.
And we're gonna do this together.
Okay.
Okay, really? One piece?
Where is Dad's eye?
Come on.
- What?
- Just... We're going outside.
- Come on.
- Outside?
Come on!
You guys coming to kill me?
No.
We're gonna dig up the time capsule.
Okay.
What a day, huh?
Hey, Jack, I'm gonna introduce you
to something...
very important to me, okay?
This...
is Star Wars.
Now, yes, Star Wars had
some pretty epic visuals.
But it also has some pretty epic audio.
See, this guy Ben Burtt, he designed
all the sounds for the
movie, and pretty much
revolutionized sound design.
So, check it out...
this is Luke Skywalker.
And this is his lightsaber.
When he turns it on, it goes...
Whoa...
whoa, whoa, whoa.
And this, this is his trusty droid,
R2-D2, and he goes...
- His friend, C-3PO.
- Oh, hello.
This over here's Princess Leia.
Pretty much the coolest lady
in the history of ladies.
Aside from your mom.
This is Han Solo, he
has the coolest line
in the history of movies.
Princess Leia says, "I love you".
And he says, "I know".
You like it.
You like Star Wars?
- Come on.
My feet started freezing,
like, 20 minutes ago.
Are you sure that
this is the right spot?
I feel something.
- You hear that?
- Yeah.
- Uh-oh!
- There's something.
Come on.
- All right, all right, all right.
- All right, here we go.
Yes!
Wow.
- Look at that.
- Let me see, let me see.
Well, Kev, I think this one's yours.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Let's see.
Wow...
Look at that.
Even back then.
After all this time.
Wait.
I think this was... this one's mine!
- I got you.
- Oh!
Gosh, it was that game
MASH I used to love to play.
You know, where you find out
what house you're gonna live in,
how many kids you're gonna have,
who you're gonna marry, so...
marry Joey Lawrence.
Live in a mansion,
have a boy and a girl.
And live happily ever after.
Hey.
Joey Lawrence ain't
got nothing on Tobias.
Can you hold that for me?
Yeah.
Well, who's the only dork
who put his name on the bag?
Cute!
All right, so that...
What is it?
- Ta-da.
- What?!
The missing puzzle piece?
- Uh-huh.
- What?
Wait, how did you even choose that?
I didn't.
Hey, guys.
It's capsule time, let's go.
I can't do it.
I can't decide.
I'm not gonna put anything in it.
I'd rather bury it with nothing in it
than with something stupid
that I'm gonna regret.
Randall, chill.
Hey, Randall?
What?!
Here, wait.
Here.
This.
- No, won't people miss it?
- No way.
Nobody wants to do this
stupid puzzle except you.
And this way, when we dig it up,
everyone will be glad we found it.
It's perfect.
I promise.
Come on.
It was just a fun,
silly time capsule, bro.
And I choked.
I've been anxious for so long...
and...
I don't get better.
Not really.
The truth is...
as soon as I tackled
that mugger, I had him.
I didn't have to hit him.
I wanted to.
I wanted to let out every
bad feeling that's been
pent up inside of me
for such a long time.
Beth thinks I should see a therapist.
Maybe you should.
Here.
No, wait.
- Hmm?
- There's two more in here, is it...
- Mom and Dad?
- Yeah, yeah.
Take one.
Okay.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, no,
that's one of those sketches
Dad used to draw, remember?
Uh, remember he was
gonna build a home up here
for-for him and Mom, remember that?
- Yeah!
- Wow.
I wonder what Mom left, let me see.
Mom left a mixtape?
Okay, Mom.
What have you got for us?
Hey, guys.
It's me, your dad.
Holy crap.
It's 1993 and you're all in
your rooms here at the cabin,
trying to figure out just what
you're gonna put inside the capsule.
To, uh, refresh your memories:
Kevin wishes he was seeing Jurassic Park
- with Sophie right now.
- Yeah.
Uh, my Katie girl
is pouring her heart
into it as per usual.
And, Randall...
Randall is overthinking his every move.
No surprise there, bud.
Anyhow, I have this
crazy idea
to build a bigger house out here
for me and your mom to grow old in.
And your mom busted me
while I was sketching it.
I got embarrassed,
crumpled it up, and
tossed it in the trash.
But then I thought to myself, you know,
your mom believes in me, so...
why shouldn't I believe
in myself, right?
So, I go back outside
to get my crumpled piece of paper
out of the trash to put in
the capsule, but it was gone.
You know, at first,
I thought maybe, uh...
maybe the wind carried it away,
or, uh, a bird who's got
a thing for architecture.
But... but then, I realized
that your mom must've
taken it out of the trash,
so that she could put it in the capsule.
Again, because she
believes in my dreams.
By the time you guys hear
this, you're gonna be teenagers
and probably harder on
us than you already are.
So, let me just remind you
that your mom is the kind of woman
who buries a crappy doodle
because when it comes to
the people that she loves,
she does not mess around.
And, Bec, if you're hearing this,
and I've grown stupid in middle age,
I don't tell you enough...
damn, do I love you.
Aw, man. This is gonna be really
embarrassing if it actually
was a bird who stole my
crappy doodle and, uh,
it never made it into
the capsule, so, uh,
yeah, okay.
Hey.
Gonna be all right.
Yeah.
- All right?
- Okay.
Take care of yourself, all right?
- All right?
- I will.
- Okay, back to life.
- Yeah.
- I love you.
It sure is beautiful up here, huh?
I can see why Dad wanted
to build that house.
- Watch your step.
- Thank you.
- All right. Bye.
- See ya.
- Take it easy, man.
- Yeah, you, too.
- Hey, brother-in-law.
- Hey.
Everybody's in with Rebecca.
Okay.
- Can I help you with the food?
- Sure.
- Synced and corrected by Firefly -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org